readme.md, before:

# News

![Refinery News](http://refinerycms.com/system/images/0000/0876/news.png)

## About

__Refinery's news engine allows you to post updates to the news section of your website.__

Key features:

* Default news page shows a summary of recent news posts
* Detail view shows the full post and also linked to recent news on the "side bar"

## Requirements

[Refinery CMS](http://refinerycms.com) "core" engine version 2.0.0 or later.

### Gem Installation using Bundler (The very best way)

Include the latest [gem](http://rubygems.org/gems/refinerycms-news) into your Refinery CMS application's Gemfile:

    gem "refinerycms-news", '~> 2.0.0'

Then type the following at command line inside your Refinery CMS application's root directory:

    bundle install
    rails generate refinery:news
    rake db:migrate
    rake db:seed

## Customising the views

Type this command at your project root to override the default front end views:

    $ rake refinery:override view=refinery/news/items/*
    Copied view template file to app/views/refinery/news/items/_recent_posts.html.erb
    Copied view template file to app/views/refinery/news/items/index.html.erb
    Copied view template file to app/views/refinery/news/items/show.html.erb
    etc.

## RSS (Really Simple Syndication)

To get RSS for your entire site, insert this into the head section of your layout after installing:

    <%= auto_discovery_link_tag(:rss, refinery.news_items_url(:format => 'rss')) %>
    
## More Information
* Check out our [Website](http://refinerycms.com/)
* Refinery Documentation is available in the [guides](http://refinerycms.com/guides)
* Questions can be asked on our [Google Group](http://group.refinerycms.org)
* Questions can also be asked in our IRC room, [#refinerycms on freenode](irc://irc.freenode.net/refinerycms)

Commit message:

Added documentation on how to display recent_posts partial on homepage.

readme.md, after:

# News

![Refinery News](http://refinerycms.com/system/images/0000/0876/news.png)

## About

__Refinery's news engine allows you to post updates to the news section of your website.__

Key features:

* Default news page shows a summary of recent news posts
* Detail view shows the full post and also linked to recent news on the "side bar"

## Requirements

[Refinery CMS](http://refinerycms.com) "core" engine version 2.0.0 or later.

### Gem Installation using Bundler (The very best way)

Include the latest [gem](http://rubygems.org/gems/refinerycms-news) into your Refinery CMS application's Gemfile:

    gem "refinerycms-news", '~> 2.0.0'

Then type the following at command line inside your Refinery CMS application's root directory:

    bundle install
    rails generate refinery:news
    rake db:migrate
    rake db:seed
    
## How to display a news feed on the homepage:

Assuming you've already overridden the homepage view:

    $ rake refinery:override view=refinery/pages/home
    
You can render the `recent_posts` partial. However, you will need to set the recent News items manually, since this is normally handled in the News::Items controller:

    <% @items = Refinery::News::Item.latest(5) %>
    <%= render :partial => '/refinery/news/items/recent_posts' %>

## Customising the views

Type this command at your project root to override the default front end views:

    $ rake refinery:override view=refinery/news/items/*
    Copied view template file to app/views/refinery/news/items/_recent_posts.html.erb
    Copied view template file to app/views/refinery/news/items/index.html.erb
    Copied view template file to app/views/refinery/news/items/show.html.erb
    etc.

## RSS (Really Simple Syndication)

To get RSS for your entire site, insert this into the head section of your layout after installing:

    <%= auto_discovery_link_tag(:rss, refinery.news_items_url(:format => 'rss')) %>
    
## More Information
* Check out our [Website](http://refinerycms.com/)
* Refinery Documentation is available in the [guides](http://refinerycms.com/guides)
* Questions can be asked on our [Google Group](http://group.refinerycms.org)
* Questions can also be asked in our IRC room, [#refinerycms on freenode](irc://irc.freenode.net/refinerycms)
